docs: add CONTRIBUTING.POSTGRESQL.CHEATSHEET.md to v6 (#14539)
sequelize/sequelize: CONTRIBUTING.POSTGRESQL.CHEATSHEET.md

## Pre-Requisites

1. Have docker installed
1. Have `yarn` installed (see _Helpful Notes_ section below)
1. Have the database installed and running

   Test Type | Requires Running Database
   ---         | --- |
   Unit        | No  |
   Integration | Yes |
   Other       | Yes | 

   Note:
   - tests DO NOT automatically start the database they're testing against  
   (see _Helpful Notes_ section below)
   - if the database is not running, you may encounter an error message similar to:
      ```bash
      SequelizeConnectionRefusedError: connect ECONNREFUSED 127.0.0.1:23010
      ```

---

## Running Tests
This example will use _PostgreSQL_ as the database being contributed to. Replace _postgres_ with whatever dialect is specific to your changes.

The basic structure is start, test, stop. Start the database, run the test script, stop the database.

```bash
yarn start-postgres            # start the database
yarn test-integration-postgres # run the test
yarn stop-postgres             # stop the database
```

### Different Tests

Test | Description
---- | ---
`DIALECT=postgres yarn test` | **Type**: Full test of a database<br>**Requires**: specified dialect & running db

> `yarn test-integration` | **Type**: Partial test<br>**Requires**: running db

Reviewer: Maybe explain the difference between integration and unit tests a bit more? Also; these also need the dialect

   ```bash
   docker run -d --name pgadmin4 -p 8888:80 -e 'PGADMIN_DEFAULT_EMAIL=test@example.com' -e 'PGADMIN_DEFAULT_PASSWORD=sequelize_test' dpage/pgadmin4
   ```

   Once the postgres container and the pgadmin container are both running, it's only a matter of ensuring they're on the same network.  
   
   Existing networks may be found with `docker network ls`:
   ```bash
   NETWORK ID     NAME                            DRIVER    SCOPE
   df4705da72d2   bridge                          bridge    local
   081ed5b71d99   host                            host      local
   c22cad586f28   none                            null      local
   092ed56f9f1b   sequelize-postgres-10-network   bridge    local
   ```
   
   The drivers with _bridge_ are of particular interest. More details can be found using `docker inspect`; for instance, `docker inspect sequelize-postgres-10-network`, reveals the containers bound to it:

   ```json
      ...
      "Containers": {
            "8544cdd984ebca72b8c819ca4195f6d130807fe7a9c2a49cb389926f2c2799d8": {
                "Name": "sequelize-postgres-10",
                "EndpointID": "ae0f4df1a94b16b7316d27b086f6e3506a06d692282272e5536762e1053a78f0",

>                 "MacAddress": "02:42:ac:16:00:02",

Reviewer: Maybe remove the MAC and IP addresses from here?

                "IPv4Address": "172.22.0.2/16",
                "IPv6Address": ""
            }
        },
      ...
   ```

   The idea is to have a network bridge that includes both containers. There are two ways to accomplish this:

   1. Add one of the containers to their existing bridges. Using the network we discovered above we can run:
      ```bash
      docker network connect sequelize-postgres-10-network pgadmin4
      ```
      This will add pgadmin's container (named _pgadmin4_) to the postgres container's network.

>    1. Create a new network and add containers. If your preference is to leave the containers in tact, you may want to create a new bridge network and then connect the containers to it. Below we call this network `pg-net`, but it could be named whichever:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   1. Create a new network and add containers. If your preference is to leave the containers intact, you may want to create a new bridge network and then connect the containers to it. Below we call this network `pg-net`, but it could be named whichever:
```
